all right I'm back at this spot I'm sure
you know save you know just in case
so basically wooden dude though is going
to slide off this way and grab the edge
like that that's the place that's right
in front of gong we still take a
crapload of damage which is unfortunate
and then we need to ring this Gong and
with that Gong did is it allowed us to
open a door to allow us to get inside to
claim the Italian
grab the jade dragon if you come over
here you'll notice that there's this big
wall right here that it's actually a
doorway and behind that is a big-ass
chicken and we're going to fight that
big-ass chicken here shortly
but first we need to finish this level
up by claiming the last secret and we
come down here we flip this lever and
then I believe there is actually some
ammo down here No
maybe was the other side but I'm not
gonna worry about it I'm just gonna
climb back
well dang it
yeah I just pull the lever again off the
camera but I'm not going to go that way
to claim the ammo or whatever is down
there it's gonna take a little bit too
much time I really don't want to spend
so it's gonna climb echo PL
and then head over here well and then
head over here to claim the Jade Dragon
and here it is so now that we have all
that we can go grab the Italian which is
going to set free the big chicken and
then the end of the level occurs as soon
as we kill that guy I'm actually going
to fight him with my pistols and I'm
going to take no damage how about that
or at least I hope I don't take damage
all right so here's the Italian and now
we need to kill the chicken boss guy so
here's how I do this I'll walk to this
edge here and then fall off here and
then allow the big chicken guy to come
out and try to take and try to attack me
but I'm gonna be like nope he's gonna be
like Oh screw you then he's gonna walk
off and it's gonna continue shooting him
in the back and I'm gonna beat him back
by hopping down here and come back and
try to pound my face and continue doing
that until it's the idea that he needs
to die
well oh man that line of damage oh well
that's the end of the level guys I'll
see you in the next video
you